today's office includes a
summary in the middle of the
Galapagos
I would dare say that have one
of the coolest jobs in the world
of all of one animal like that
mmm huh I'm in the Galapagos
with the National Geographic
pristine sees team we're going
into some marine right now
because it allows us to go
deeper to an area that's never
been explored before you need to
make sure that we understand
what's down there so that we can
work hard to protect it
the summary actually gives off
electromagnetic field which
attracts sharks off and plastic
very .
we just had a silky shark at
just 12 meters so I can't wait
to get down to 300 and
conceivably mind I'm going to
each
the sea floor is dark so when a
brilliant machine is down there
with lights organisms get
curious like a professional
ok out of the blue know this
sword fish just come charging in
our lights and you see a flash
of silver
oh my gosh tablet and it was an
exhilarating experience
beautiful
and then it's gone
not only the Galapagos biology
stream truly mesmerizing
have the ability to do this with
two other women we might have
been the youngest all-female
team down in a separate set a
goal of five fingers
I've never felt as much like an
explorer than I do right now
there's something about being
thousand feet under the water
and where no one else has
actually ever been that feels
like true exploration
one of the best things about
fieldwork is that there's always
surprises